link to finished codepen:https://codepen.io/kreepsicle/pen/bGgrjEr?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It's HTML that gives meaning to our markup
    2. What is HTML used for?
    It's used for the structure of our website 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    it explains what the element/ it goes after the element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is used to show importance/it should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id?
    it calls out an exact element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    you can use an id only one time
    10. What is a class? 
    its used to group a set of elements for css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    it can be used on any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    you can use a class as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank" in the <a> tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    it lets you add a text description to the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a div is a block and a section is inline
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    css is used for styling the page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    in a directory of names you'd give the names a class so you could call on them in like a search for names/
    you would give an id to something only used once like a copyright at the bottom of a page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with a .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p #human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    it is when there is a grouping inside of a larger grouping/it is useful when needing to select multiple groups at a time
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div .sidebar :link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it gives an animation when you hover over something on the page
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    padding
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    margin
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:/what you want/;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border-style:dotted;
        border-color:black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    with the * selector 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*note in here*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm or rm -r/you have to be careful because you don't get a prompt and if it's a folder it deletes everything inside as well
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so that if there is an issue you can roll back to a stable version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes or when you complete a portion of your code
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin jordan-shelton
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    we are given an asignment on git i fork it get the url and clone it (git clone url)
    cd into repo then branch (git checkout -b jordan-shelton) then enter code . to load it in vs do the work
    then add the changes in the terminal (git add .) then commit the changes and add a useful comment about the changes
    (git commit -m "message here") then you push the changes back to the github  (git push -u origin jordan-shelton)
    then go to github and submit the changes and do not merge them. then copy the url and paste it in canvas.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
